Acd 693 (#44)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: Fulfillment/UserInterface/03a_Connections.md

        - ![Save](../../Assets/Icons/Save.png "[Save]") save  
            Click this entry to save the current view settings in the selected view. This menu entry is only displayed if a view has been selected.

            > [Info] When the settings of a view have been changed, an asterisk is displayed next to the view name. The asterisk is hidden as soon as the changes have been saved.

        - ![Delete](../../Assets/Icons/Trash01.png "[Delete]") delete  
            Click this entry to delete the selected view. A confirmation window to confirm the deletion is displayed. This menu entry is only displayed if a view has been selected.

- ![Columns](../../Assets/Icons/Columns.png "[Columns]") Columns (x)   
    Click this button to display the columns bar and customize the displayed columns and the order of columns in the list. The *x* indicates the number of columns that are currently displayed in the list.

- [x]     
    Select the checkbox to display the editing toolbar. If you click the checkbox in the header, all connections in the list are selected.

> - [DISABLE]  
>     Click this button to disable the selected connection(s) This button is displayed if the checkbox of at least one active connection is selected. For detailed information see [Disable a connection](../Integration/01_ManageConnections.md#disable-a-connection).
> 
> - [ENABLE]  
>     Click this button to enable the selected connection(s) This button is displayed if the checkbox of at least one inactive connection is selected. For detailed information see [Enable a connection](../Integration/01_ManageConnections.md#enable-a-connection).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [DISABLE]  
    Click this button to disable the selected connection(s). This button is only displayed if the checkbox of at least one active connection is selected. For detailed information see [Disable a connection](../Integration/01_ManageConnections.md#disable-a-connection).

- [ENABLE]  
    Click this button to enable the selected connection(s). This button is only displayed if the checkbox of at least one inactive connection is selected. For detailed information see [Enable a connection](../Integration/01_ManageConnections.md#enable-a-connection).
```

- ![Edit](../../Assets/Icons/Edit01.png "[Edit]") (Edit)  

>     Click this button to edit the selected connection. This button is only displayed if a single checkbox in the list of connections is selected. Alternatively, you can click directly a row in the list to edit a connection. The *Edit connection* view is displayed, see [Edit connection](#edit-connection). The *Credentials* tab is selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Click this button to edit the selected connection. This button is only displayed if a single checkbox in the list of connections is selected. Alternatively, you can click directly a row in the list to edit the corresponding connection. The *Edit connection* view is displayed, see [Edit connection](#edit-connection).
```

The list displays all available connections. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only.

- *Name*  
    Connection name.

- *Status*  
    Connection status. The following statuses are available:
    - ![Status](../../Assets/Icons/Status01.png "[Status]") **Active**  
    The connection is enabled and data is being synchronized via the connection.
    - ![Status](../../Assets/Icons/Status04.png "[Status]") **Inactive**   

>     The connection is disabled and no data is being synchronized via the connection.

Reviewer: Einrückung!

- ![Add](../../Assets/Icons/Plus01.png "[Add]") (Add)  
  Click this button to add a connection. The *Create connection* view is displayed, see [Create connection](#create-connection).
  

## Create connection

*Fulfillment > Settings > Tab CONNECTIONS > Button Add*

![Create connection](../../Assets/Screenshots/Fulfillment/Settings/Connections/CreateConnection.png "[Create connection]")

- ![Back](../../Assets/Icons/Back02.png "[Back]") (Back)   
    Click this button to close the *Create connection* view and return to the list of connections. All changes are rejected.

- *Name*   
    Enter a connection name.

- ![Check](../../Assets/Icons/Check.png "[Check]") (Apply)  
    Click this button to apply the entered connection name. This button is only displayed if the connection name has not yet been confirmed.

- ![Edit](../../Assets/Icons/Edit02.png "[Edit]") (Edit)  
    Click this button to edit the connection name. This button is only displayed if the connection name has been confirmed.

- *Driver*  
    Click the drop-down list and select the desired driver. All installed drivers are displayed. 

> 

Reviewer: Gibt es in Fulfillment immer ne Credentitals section?

**Credentials**

The fields displayed in the *Credentials* section vary depending on the selected driver. 

- [SAVE]  
    Click this button to save the connection.

## Edit connection

*Fulfillment > Settings > Tab CONNECTIONS > Select a connection*

![Edit connection](../../Assets/Screenshots/Fulfillment/Settings/Connections/EditConnectionCredentials.png "[Edit connection]")

- ![Back](../../Assets/Icons/Back02.png "[Back]") (Back)   
    Click this button to close the *Edit connection* view and return to the list of connections. All changes are rejected.

- *Name*   
    Connection name. Click the button ![Edit](../../Assets/Icons/Edit02.png "[Edit]") (Edit) to the right of the name to edit it.

- ![Edit](../../Assets/Icons/Edit02.png "[Edit]") (Edit)  
    Click this button to edit the connection name. 

- ![Check](../../Assets/Icons/Check.png "[Check]") (Apply)  
    Click this button to apply the changes to the connection name. This button is only displayed if you are editing the connection name.

- *Created DD/MM/YYYY*  

> Creation date of the connection. This field is read-only.

Reviewer: Einrückung!

## Edit connection &ndash; Credentials

*Fulfillment > Settings > Tab CONNECTIONS > Select a connection > Tab Credentials*

![Create connection](../../Assets/Screenshots/Fulfillment/Settings/Connections/EditConnectionCredentials.png "[Create connection]")

- *Driver*  
    Selected driver name. This drop-down list is read-only.

**Credentials** 

The fields displayed in the *Credentials* section vary depending on the selected driver.

- [SAVE]  
  Click this button to save any changes made.

## Edit connection &ndash; Settings

*Fulfillment > Settings > Tab CONNECTIONS > Select a connection > Tab Settings*

![Edit connection](../../Assets/Screenshots/Fulfillment/Settings/Connections/EditConnectionSettings.png "[Edit connection]")

> [comment]: <> (NoE Beispiel mit Settings genommen und anomymisiert. Evtl. ein anderes Screenshot?)

Reviewer: passt für mich
